feat!: Sequence ontology support (#173)
vembrane/vembrane: docs/ann_types.md

| `HGNC_ID`            | `str`      |                                                                                                                                             |                             |
| `MANE`               | `str`      | Matched Annotation from NCBI and EMBL-EBI (MANE).                                                                                           |                             |
| `MANE_SELECT`        | `str`      | Matched Annotation from NCBI and EMBL-EBI (MANE) canonical transcript.                                                                      |                             |
| `MANE_PLUS_CLINICAL` | `str`      | MANE transcripts beyond MANE_SELECT that are clinically relevant.                                                                           |                             |
| `GO`                 | `str`      | Gene ontology (GO) terms.                                                                                                                   |                             |

> | `miRNA`              | `str`      | Determines where in the secondary structure of a miRNA a variant falls                                                                      |                             |

Author: The thing is that because of the consequence removal, the table markdown changed (because column width changed).
Anyways, removing the type column is a good idea ;D

| `Allele`             | The variant allele used to calculate the consequence                                                                                        |                             |
| `Gene`               | Ensembl stable ID of affected gene                                                                                                          |                             |
| `Feature`            | Ensembl stable ID of feature                                                                                                                |                             |
| `Feature_type`       | Type of feature. Currently one of Transcript, RegulatoryFeature, MotifFeature.                                                              |                             |
| `HGSVc`              |                                                                                                                                             |                             |
| `HGSVp`              |                                                                                                                                             |                             |

> | `HGVSc`              | The HGVS coding sequence name                                                                                                               |                             |
> | `HGVSp`              | The HGVS protein sequence name                                                                                                              |                             |
> | `HGVSg`              | The HGVS genomic sequence name                                                                                                              |                             |

Reviewer: Improve the wording and add a linkout that explains the notation:
```suggestion
| `HGVSc`              | [HGVS notation](https://hgvs-nomenclature.org/stable/background/simple/) for the variant relative to the coding sequence of the gene                                           |                             |
| `HGVSp`              | [HGVS notation](https://hgvs-nomenclature.org/stable/background/simple/) for the variant relative to the protein sequence                                                                 |                             |
| `HGVSg`              | [HGVS notation](https://hgvs-nomenclature.org/stable/background/simple/) for the variant relative to the genomic sequence                                                               |                             |
```

| `REF_ALLELE`         | The reference allele                                                                                                                        |                             |

> | `IMPACT`             | The impact modifier for the consequence type                                                                                                | `'"HIGH" in ANN["IMPACT"]'` |

Author: I think the goal is to ultimately have one example for each entry. So I'd keep that as is for now, and encourage everybody to contribute some examples ;)

| `AA.pos / AA.length`       | `PosRange` with properties `start`, `end` and `length` |             | `'ANN["AA.pos / AA.length"].length == 42'`       |
| `ERRORS / WARNINGS / INFO` | `list[str]`                                            |             |                                                  |

Annotations with type `str`:

| Name in snpEff `ANN` | Description | Example expression |
|----------------------|-------------|--------------------|
| `Allele`             |             |                    |
| `Annotation_Impact`  |             |                    |
| `Gene_Name`          |             |                    |
| `Gene_ID`            |             |                    |
| `Feature_Type`       |             |                    |
| `Feature_ID`         |             |                    |
| `Transcript_BioType` |             |                    |
| `Rank`               |             |                    |
| `HGVS.c`             |             |                    |
| `HGVS.p`             |             |                    |

> | `Distance`           |             |                    |

Reviewer: Can we easily add descriptions, here? I think most of them can probably be copied from the vep table above?

Also, I'd delete the Example expression column, unless you want to add information in there.
